# Plagiarism Assignment

==Plagiarism Definition==

According to Merriam-Webster Online Dictionary, *to plagiarize* means^(1)^:
  * to steal and pass off (the ideas or words of another) as one's own
  * to use (another's production) without crediting the source 
  * to commit literary theft
  * to present as new and original an idea or product derived from an existing source

==Behaviors of Plagiarism^(2)^==

  # "The Ghost Writer": The writer turns in another's work, word-for-word, as his or her own.
  # "The Photocopy": The writer copies significant portions of text straight from a single source, without alteration.
  # "The Potluck Paper": The writer tries to disguise plagiarism by copying from several different sources, tweaking the sentences to make them fit together while retaining most of the original phrasing.
  # "The Poor Disguise": Although the writer has retained the essential content of the source, he or she has altered the paper's appearance slightly by changing key words and phrases.
  # "The Labor of Laziness": The writer takes the time to paraphrase most of the paper from other sources and make it all fit together, instead of spending the same effort on original work.
  # "The Self-Stealer": The writer "borrows" generously from his or her previous work, violating policies concerning the expectation of originality adopted by most academic institutions.

==Behaviors That are NOT Plagiarism^(3)^==

  # Writing your own lived experiences, your own observations and insights, your own thoughts, and your own conclusions about a subject
  # When you are writing up your own results obtained through lab or field experiments
  # When you use your own artwork, digital photographs, video, audio, etc.
  # When you are using "common knowledge," things like folklore, common sense observations, myths, urban legends, and historical events (but not historical documents)
  # When you are using generally-accepted facts, e.g., pollution is bad for the environment

==Avoiding Plagiarism==

  # Borrowing ideas or phrases from other sources provided you cite them properly and your usage is consistent with the guidelines set by fair use laws^(2)^
  # Sharing general knowledge that is known to all
  # Citing the copyright when other's work is used
  # Citing all the references in bibiliography or references section
  # Publishing something with the approval of the author and the citation of the same

==Plagiarism in Our Own Project==

Project idea is our own, but we might have used some sentences from previous semester projects without citing them.