<wiki:toc max_depth='5'/>
= 3.TEAM SKILL 2 =
==Understanding User and Stakeholder Needs==
The following are the techniques used to understand user and stakeholders needs:

===1.Interviews===
In the interview session the following are discussed:
What is the problem in present scenario?
  * Manually checking the authority of a person who wants to enter into the office.
  * Manually maintaining the records
  * Security is not focused properly
  * Its a time taking process

what is required for this system to solve the problem?

  * There should not be any security person to check the person who are entering into an office
  * There should be an automated calling system ,so that whenever a new person wants to enter into the office for meeting a particular person in the office the system should automatically call
 * System should be user-friendly

who are the users?

  * Employees working in the office and the visitors who wants to enter into the office.

What is their educational background?

  * Employees are educationally qualified and they have the knowledge of operating the system
  * The system should give the guidelines of its usage to the new visitors.
 
What are the security issues?

  * The system should check the authorization of persons who are entering into an office
  * The system should run 24hours,7 days a week 

What about access permission?
  * There should be different access permissions provided to different persons who are working in the office
  * Administrator should be given high level of access permissions so that he can give the authorizations who are entering into the office.

What are the limitations?

  * Every operating system should support the software.
  * The system should work 24*7

How much time and cost you are expecting?

  * The cost should be affordable and the system should be built within six months.
 


===2.Workshops===

===3.Brainstorming and idea reduction===

===4.Storyboarding===